---
label: Acquiring Artwork
graphic: images/step_graphic.png
---
In addition to trading art shares, users can also purchase the whole artwork that is listed on the Artstock Exchange. An interested buyer can escrow the artwork’s market cap + α (predetermined by the listing party and stated in the terms) to immediately propose an acquisition offer. For example, if an artwork has a predetermined α value of 20% and is currently being valued at a market cap of $1 million, a buyer can escrow at least $1.2 million to propose his/her offer. As soon as the offer is proposed, the system assigns voting rights to all shareholders of the artwork to approve or disapprove the sale, and a voting period (1-2 weeks) begins; conditions for successful voting phase, such as the required minimum participation and the approval threshold, are predetermined by the listing party and stated in the terms. If someone else proposes a better acquisition offer during the voting period, the current offer is disposed (escrowed money is returned to the original account), and a new voting period begins. Because all offers require escrowing the money prior to the proposal, the validity of all proposals can be secured. Artwork’s shares can still be traded during the voting period, and since all votes are registered to the art shares – not the owners – new shareholders’ votes will replace the previous shareholders’ votes. When the voting period ends, the result is announced to all shareholders; if there is sufficient approval, the acquisition will be completed, but if not, the offer is cancelled and disposed.
